Gerald, audio.
here I am
I can't stand it, I can't stand it
Stars in my window
What's true
My eyes are closed
You said you'd tell me
I understood
I'm supposed to say something about
a Harmon is now in session or
I wrote that line this morning
I'm so thrilled with it
So I guess Harmon's in session
Oh, Dan Harmon
You're over there
Yes, Crouch or Gillard Godfrey, everybody
Hello, New York, hello, thank you
It's good to be back
Thank you
It was a 90% heartfelt, 10% awkward standing ovation
I don't know who I dated in this area
But they held out
But I appreciate that
I think a lot of that might have been for
the Master of Entertainment, Comptroller, Gilbert Godfrey
This is really a dream come true
I have no connection to Mr. Godfrey
I've met you 10 minutes ago
But as Neil, the director of the documentary, has affiliations
and somehow your name came up as a possibility
for a guest Comptroller, I leapt on it
I don't know how young they are
or what they know of who's done what
So it was basically a choice
between me or the guy that played Mr. Belding
Gilbert Godfrey, what the fuck, man?
When I was in Milwaukee, I think I was 13 years old
maybe the first time I saw you on TV
I did your stand-up special
I don't know
There's nothing funny about kissing people's asses
but I'm just very, very, very, very honored
to have you out here
and thank you so much for doing this
I really appreciate it
There's probably ways you can dig up
Gilbert's Comedy Central, or not Comedy Central
Cinemax, remember when Cinemax would do comedy experiments?
Oh my God, yes!
Gilbert Godfrey, Chris Elliott did a comedy experiment
for Cinemax that was totally inspirational to me
Stuart Pankin did one
and you did one
that was basically a pilot about you as a news vendor
Oh God!
Yeah! Oh shit!
That was Norman's Corner
Norman's Corner
and that was written by Larry David
Oh shit!
Yes! Yes!
I didn't know that
And considering all those names
you think it would have been funny
Well, it was very much so
I don't know, I loved it a lot
It was one of the, as I said to him backstage
it was one of the eight things that got me off the couch
in Milwaukee and out to LA
so thank you so much Gilbert for coming out here
Also, Gilbert has his own podcast
you just started your podcast
Gilbert Godfrey's amazing colossal podcast
and you can hear it on GilbertGodfrey.com
and subscribe to it on iTunes
and SciShow Network.tv
It's such a sincere actual address
and you're on your 18th episode
you've had Weird Alan, you've had, I think...
Adam West, the original Batman
Larry Storch from F-Droop
Yes! Yeah, I just...
See, out now, man, I like to get a crowd-pleaser
like Larry Storch on
See, I like to get the kids in
with a Larry Storch
and I had Marty Allen
Also, you try to be young in it
It's not like there's not things you would do
if it was just for your own pleasure
but you do, you whore yourself out for an audience
with Larry Storch, you know
Well, let's face it, there's certain sacrifices
you have to make for the numbers
I feel the same way you do
when I'm talking to these guys
I'll do like a Gremlins 2 reference
and they'll be like, what does that have to do
with the transgender community?
I had John Glover
He was the evil head of the department store
John Glover
And what was that guy's name?
I don't remember
Gallagin?
Jack Gallagin?
Jack Gallag...Fanakis?
No, no, no, no, no
Close enough
and Phoebe Cates
Thank you
Remember how Gremlins 2 was a strange
comedic departure from Gremlins 1?
Isn't that weird that Gremlins 2
decided to be a comedy?
And Phoebe Cates in the first one
shared her backstory
like, oh, I hate Christmas because my dad
died in the chimney
Oh, and then she does a variation of it
And then it gets ridiculous
She goes, I hate President's Day
because a man named dressed as Abraham Lincoln
exposed himself to me during a white sale
And it's like, wait a minute
Are you making fun of me for liking Gremlins?
Because I already felt kind of bad about it
You're pushing it, Gremlins 2
Halfway through Gremlins 2
the movie stops
and it cuts to a theater
and Hulk Hogan stands up and goes
Hey, you Gremlins, get out of the projection booth
It's fucking insane
You gotta watch Gremlins 2
That was like similar
All of you watch The Tingler
Everyone here's seen The Tingler, right?
And everyone here pronounces it The Tingler
Well, that's the Yiddish version
It's The Tingler
Did you see The Tingler?
Do you need a schmackle to go see The Tingler
down at the Nickelodeon?
I want to wish each and every one of you
a happy Tingler
But in The Tingler
The Tingler got loose in the theater
He was a weird rubber creature
And Vincent Price
And at that point, they shut the lights off
Thank you
They shut the lights off onscreen
and the theaters would shut everything off
and Vincent Price's voice would go
Scream, scream for your life
The Tingler
The Tingler is loose in the theater
Yeah, because the way to make The Tingler
conveniently enough
the way to make The Tingler not attack you
is to scream
and probably to throw money in the air
Yeah, and the idea of telling people
Yeah, that they have to scream
Well, I thought you scared us and we screamed
But no, it's not like that
Yeah, now it's mandatory
You have to be instructed to scream
This is the part where you scream
Yeah, and he said
Scream, scream for your life
Wait, Gilbert
See, much like John Glover
who was in Gremlins 2
Both of them, both him and Vincent Price
and a lot of them had where
if someone was effeminate, it was evil
Sometimes it was eccentric
like Paul Lynn and Charles Nelson Riley
But with Vincent Price, it was
Oh, well, you didn't think in terms of gay
So you thought, oh, he's sinister
In the 70s, there were rock groups
called Queen
and no one thought that means gay
So I was like, well, I guess the leather
and I guess they're tough guys
or like Prince and Boy George
But you really had to push mainstream America
hard against the wall of capitalism
before they'd go, oh, you're gay?
Well, it was like the village people
Yeah, the village people
Well, hey, one's a construction worker
one's a cop, these are macho, they are macho guys
They're so macho, they're singing about being macho
They hang out at a place renowned for its masculinity
Yeah, they're wearing tight leather pants
and a leather jacket, that's what a real man is
When they're not in the Navy, they're showering over
at the Young Men's Association of Christian Boyhood
And it was a major news story that Elton John was gay
Yeah
This one
We didn't want to deal with it, we didn't want to
Oh, and George Michael, who would go up in hot pants
He used to dance in these tight ass-grabbing hot pants
doing these, and we got him?
Yeah
I mean, it's almost adorable how we would go
The lead singer, a Judas Priest, remember that?
I don't know, it's kind of adorable, actually
Are the homophobia erupting into just plain sight
sort of like, well, you're not, no, I mean
before I will say gay, I will say sinister
I will say heavy metal, I will say new wave
I will say punk, I will say anything but gay
It's almost like a strange kind of psychic opera
where the gay people of America had to actually stamp their feet
and scream out loud, louder than Paul Lynn
in Charlotte's web, you know
It sounds crunchy
Louder than Charles Nelson Riley, louder than anything
They had to say, no, okay, I'm sorry
we've been trying to be classy about this
And on Hollywood Squares, the questions
they ask them and they always say, now they say
ooh, how Paul Lynn twisted it in his mind
but the questions were always like
where is fairy town located?
And it's like, oh, yeah, no, that was a perfectly innocent question
Yeah, what a weird twisted, yeah
When did, yeah, I remember it's like
On Hollywood Squares they'd have questions like
so have you ever had a dick in your ass?
And somehow Paul Lynn would make it sound gay
And then we would, but we would still not say
No one would put Paul Lynn on the cover of Time Magazine
and go, gay is cool
We would just go Paul Lynn's funny
That funny crazy guy
Paul Lynn is quite sinister
He's sinister
A spider's delight on my
A tingler's in the theater
Oh my goodness
What do you really think when you, like, what, obviously
is it American culture, is it modern America
or does it predate America? Because we had presidents
in the early stages of America
What was his name? Buchanan
Like, he was pretty openly gay
Wasn't Buchanan? Buchanan was like
And the only reason why we don't celebrate him more as that
is because I don't think he was that great a president
Seriously, because I think that's why gay people
don't run down the street and go
Buchanan because he kind of like, he wasn't that great
He was like, he didn't do much
But the guy was like
I really apologize
I know we have historians and redditors and stuff
if I'm butchering this
I really apologize because I dropped out of college
but as I remember it
I think we had a president, Buchanan
who was basically like, yeah
I don't feel like getting married that much
But I have this fella
and he's just sort of my assistant
And if you remember
in Buchanan's presidential speech
he said, the tingling news in the theater
democracy's loose among the people
scream, scream for democracy
But I'm sad, like back then
so it's like you look like
there was a kind of open faced sandwich
of attitude of
it was sort of like
I usually pay extra to get the open faced sandwich
When did we become a homophobic culture
when did we start compartmentalizing
when did we go because then
the other thing that we all know is that
ancient Greece and ancient Rome
it was sort of like, hey, whatever
or was it, was it still
what is the history of
homosexuality?
If only I could ever look this up
or inform myself in any way
why don't I just come out on stage
and just ask questions and then walk away
What's the history of Gaines?
But I do
See, in ancient Rome
they had a bunch of
they had a big structure
and one guy was always the center square
It was Nero, Nero was like
Let him go, look at me, I'm Roman
I kind of want to
I think I tempt fate by doing this
Your Vincent Price is really good
One of the things that
That's my crowd pleaser
I used the Vincent Price imitation
to get pussy
Do you remember Thriller?
You know, Vincent Price did the bridge
So a lot of the New York people
have been asking me on this trip
because they watched the movie
Gilbert, I know you've been a fan of mine for a while
You know what they mean when they say
why was there no rapping in the movie
because I'm an accomplished rapper
I want to knock out all these birds with one stone
and do a rap and have you do the Vincent Price bridge
for the rap
I think if we can pull it off
it can be a very, we have to do so little to pull it off
You know the end of the aviator
when Leonardo DiCaprio just has to get the spruce goose
off the water three inches
If we could just go
If we could just not crash
It might be amazing
Do we have a beat?
That's the tough part
We don't really have a master music person
I just want to do like a little
Alright, well do we have a master beatboxer in the audience?
In New York, someone knows how to beatbox?
Alright, who's this emphatic hand waving over here?
Yeah, come on up
Oh, another stereotypical beatboxer
What's your name, sir?
David
Okay, you're a human beatbox?
Yeah
You got the Morris the Cat shirt?
I'll just stand over here or something
I didn't know he was black
Morris?
Alright, so, alright
New York, what's on your mind lately?
I know 9-11, but
Paul Lind?
What?
I can't hear anything, I don't know how to
I heard alliteration, but that's a concept
That's not really
What?
I can't hear anything
I don't do improv, I don't do improv
Ebola, Ebola
Alright
Ebola
Ebola, that makes sense, it's topical
Ebola and David your company, okay
I know
Let's see if we can weave those highway cones
And you know, I don't think it's fun
to joke about the fact that David Tukovny
has the Ebola virus
I think that's insensitive
that this wonderful man
from X-Files is dying of the Ebola virus
You say X-Files, like it's his hometown
This wonderful man from X-Files
From the beautiful town of X-Files
He sits over there and
X-Files, Indiana, where he was born
and is now dying of the Ebola virus
and you people make a mockery of it
Alright, so
I'm gonna try to riff a couple lyrics
about Ebola and or David Tukovny
At a certain point it'll be clear
that it's time for Vincent Price to do the
just the spoken word bridge, right?
Okay
Alright
Dan, do you want me to lay like some creepy noises
like humming down for that?
Cause in the thriller video in that moment
it was like
This guy makes me ashamed to be a Jew
I didn't know you were Jewish
I mean, I feel like if you
you mean when he's doing his thing
like your beat should probably keep going, right?
There are those moments in my life where I go
maybe the third Reich was right after all
You're talking a TMZ right now
No, I think when Vincent Price is doing his thing
in thriller, the beat is going
I think it's percussive and
and he's like
A horrid of ghosts come out at night
I'll figure it out, I'll do something with my nose
Jews are good with their noses
The only one that can fuck this up is me
Clear your head, clear your head, Harmon
Take this off, would that be...
It's going to drain this all over you
and it's going to give you a fatal flu
I'm so sad that David Duchovny is dying of the Ebola virus
Why is this wonderful man from the X-Files, Kansas
dying of the Ebola virus?
It almost says if I feel at times in my life
that I have a tingler up my ass
What was your name, sir?
What?
What was your name?
David
Cato?
What?
David
Cato
My name's up here
My name's on the theater up there
Cato, David, thank you for David
Can I get half a pound of pastrami?
Thank you, David, thank you
That's New York for you
New York for you
Alright
David kissed me
Now I have to do the rest of the show with an erection
Let's get more intimately acquainted with the audience
Actually, you know what we should do before that?
We should bring out somebody that we tend to wait too long before we bring out
I'm sure a lot of you people came here to see him
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden
Holy shit
Holy shit, am I audible?
Okay, now I can hear me
It's kind of actually hard to...
Aaron Hillis, everybody!
Aaron Hillis!
Aaron Hillis
This is definitely the classiest joint we've ever done a show
Yeah, yeah
It felt when the curtain came up, but was there a curtain?
Yeah, a curtain came up
It felt like there was going to be a cheers reunion
Yeah
And the audience was like, yay!
And then we were like, I don't know what to do
I was like, okay, Gilbert, if you want to go out
And you're like, yeah, absolutely, sure, sorry, okay, yeah
See, that's the way I plan out my whole career
And it shows
I got to say, man, I'm so glad this is contrived
I'm so glad to be in New York City
See, he knows what he's doing
I'm not just saying that, I'm building to something here
I'm so glad to be in New York City because
I can talk shit about Canada now
Dan knows we were just in Canada not too long ago
And you can't talk shit about Canada to Canadians
I don't know if you guys know that
But you can't
Wow
They get bummed out about it, it's sad
And not even in a funny way
But, you know, like, okay, so we were flying to Canada
And we had to declare customs forms
Have anyone dealt with this?
Yeah, no, just me
Okay, yeah, they make you fill out this form
They make you fill it out
They don't tell you beforehand you're going to fill it out
But then they don't have any pens on the plane
That is fucked up
Yeah, what the fuck?
Yeah, that's fucked up
I definitely agree that that's fucked up
That thing with the pens in Canada
And the fact that David Duke company
A beloved television star
Is dying of the Ebola virus
Well, I feel like you're being just ingenuous
I mean, you're an international traveler, aren't you?
See, a lot of times gay people years ago
Were called international travelers
Continentals
We've only done, like, an eighth of the show
We can't just do callbacks for the next seven-eighths of the show
You obviously aren't familiar with me
I could do a series out of it
But this customs thing, like, for real
I'm not kidding
It's the Ebola of the North
See, see, it still worked
They bring the fucking cards
And they don't bring a goddamn lump of coal
But the guy who gives you forms
You ask him for pens
He's like, yeah, I got pens
But they're loaned out
I'll come back
And then he never comes back
You never see that guy again
And then you land
And there's still no pens
And you can't get past the border
Without filling this thing out
Or not the border
You get the idea
But then you can't ask for pens
Dustin, he went to the, you know
Presumably the lady with pens
And asked if he could have a pen
Presumably because he saw she had extra pens
And she said, no, I'm sorry
That's it
Upon being pressed
She's like, no, I'm not allowed to give out pens
You're not allowed to give out the pens
Required for the form
You have to fill out to enter the country
But also, why, like, everything else aside
Why can't you give out pens?
What's that gonna harm?
They cost two cents, like
It's an entire country
You can't buy 300 pens
I mean, they're not at war with everybody
They have money lying around, right?
They're certainly saving money on, like
Missiles and stuff
Yeah
And pens are cheaper than missiles
I have a, if I could tell an airline story
Then I'm afraid it's gonna turn some of our listeners off
I thought that was gonna happen to this situation
It's all uppercrust problems
But they're engaging problems
Who's that character?
That character
They're engaging problems
Sometimes I have war
I have an unengaging, alienating, horrible problem
See, that was very sinister
The way he said engaging
Yeah, he was spooky
He's like a master of horror over here
If you know what I mean
Do you remember
What's the goddamn
Shit
I am legend
Is that the origin of the Vincent Price?
Oh, yes, yes
It's just like driven by voiceover
And the first hour of the movie is just him going
I need more orange juice
And he's like, by the way, there's vampires
And then they do a remake where
Vincent Price becomes Will Smith
Yeah, perfect
Cause two are so close
Well, I think they were trying to isolate the problems
They're like, it wasn't the vampires
It wasn't the idea that he was the best man on Earth
I am surrounded by zombies
The first plot point of the original Vincent Price
I am legend
Is having established that he's the last man on Earth
In a world where everyone else is vampires
Having established that he has adapted
By living in a garlic-laden home
He's explaining through voiceover
He's sort of like George Clooney in Up in the Air
Except instead of working as a traveling sales consultant
He knows how to handle vampires
So his voiceover is like, yes, garlic on the door
I'm out of orange juice
And the plot point of that movie
That throws everything into disarray
Is that he goes to visit his wife's grave
And he falls asleep
How many times does he do this a week?
Like what?
You fell asleep in your wife's mausoleum
And he wakes up and is like, oh shit, sundown
Oh god, damn it
Oh shit, this is going to be hard getting home
What are you doing?
She's dead
I mean, I understand nostalgia
But there's no police
You could move her bones to your house
Like you can make up new rules
About how to treat dead people
You could hang her like Santa Claus
From your chimney
And just be like, every day is Christmas
I love my dead wife and I'm safe
Because she's made of garlic
But he know he drives every day to the cemetery
And see me valley and falls asleep
I was like, oh shit, god damn it, did I do it again?
Oh, there's going to be vampires everywhere
And I forgot the orange juice
It's like a bug's life
Like the hero is the fuck up
He's the reason the problem exists
And I remember too
If I'm not mistaken
His name is Harry in the picture
And they've got these zombies
The futuristic vampire's going
Harry
And I thought, even as a kid
It's not scary having monster gel Harry
Melvin
Schmoole
Schleimey
Maybe Clint
What would be the scariest name to moan?
Lloyd
Lloyd is good
When the shining came out
I was really freaked out
Because my dad was kind of a Nicholson figure
And I was Danny's age
And my name was Danny
And my very Nicholson-like dad
Was very embodied by Nicholson
Who was saying to...
Shelly Duvall was very much like my mom
She was kind of like flighty and nervous
My parents, for some reason
I guess because Kubrick directed it
I was allowed to watch The Shining at 10
Like, yeah, I guess it's either this
Or tit fraternity
Which I was also allowed to watch
But my mom would cover my eyes
From behind when there were tits on the screen
Because there's nothing fucked up about that
Oh, I'm starting to see tits
Now gently caressing from behind
The alabaster hands of the woman
Who gave me life
Playing reverse peek-a-boo with me
That didn't...
That certainly didn't mess things up for my marriage
But it's Nicholson the whole movie going
Do you want to talk about Danny?
Where's Danny?
And I was Danny, it was fucked up
And Nicholson was nuts to begin with
In that movie
That's what got me
He was crazy at the beginning
And then the big thing is that
He goes crazy
Yeah, what if Nicholson goes crazy?
It's like if Herbie the Lovebug
Was a Formula One car in the beginning
Totally different story
Pretty effective movie
Did you see that documentary, The Shining Documentary
Where all the people's theories
Thank you, how many of you have seen
The Shining Documentary?
Five
See, it's too easy and applause get her
It's like yelling, hey, how many of you
Are from Brooklyn?
And in Brooklyn, you would watch
The Shining Documentary
Woo!
It's that kind of crowd
The Shining Documentary is as popular as Brooklyn
It is
What the hell are we talking about?
I don't want to go off on air
Oh, okay, so I took this huge gross shit
On the airplane
Can we just talk about
The airplane bathroom
And the toilets?
That's why I came here
I think it's amazing that airplane toilets
Are designed with the apparent presupposition
That turds are like cartoon turds
That they're like candy bars that come out of your butt
And fall with heavy dry weight
Down into the bottom of this hopper
That's basically dry
And you push a button and a suction pulls it through
And there's a little bit of water that's just sort of like
You know, it's like vermouth for a martini
Sometimes you just wave the bottle around the glass
It's symbolic, but by and large you're dependent on just air
Like, oh, I'm in an airplane
So guess what, sometimes a red eye from L.A. to New York
I'm not serving up baby roots
You're serving up Indian food
And so you press the button and the thing goes
And then you look down and you go, Jesus Christ
Nothing happened
It just evened it out
It just looks like
It just looks like a college prank now
It just looks like I did something on purpose
Some woman's going to come in here next
Because there's no men's and women's rooms on the airplane
That's the other fucked up thing
It's like, Jesus Christ, I'm in a metal tube
I'm already stinking the joint up
I just, look what I've done
Today on the red eye from L.A. to New York
I did something I've never had to do in my life on an airplane
Because I was in that situation
And I had a choice between walking out and leaving this situation
I don't want to, I did this scene
This, this, this, this, this
I'm trying to find the, I don't want to
There was just so much
That it was like anyone that came in no matter what they were going to do
They were going to feel like
This is business class
And then they were going to come out of the bathroom
And look around at the six other people
And land their eyes on me playing Minecraft
And I'd be like, yeah
So I just, I really, it was beyond embarrassment
It was more like, honestly, I was empathy
I was like, what would I want to encounter when I came back into a bathroom
When I came into a bathroom
It was to the point where it was kind of like, it was fucked up
It was like a scene in the bowl
And I, please appreciate my candor
And I'm sorry if you listen to this podcast with your family while you eat
And I, it's too far gone now
But I just want to confess to you
I just want to explain this to you
For the best possible reasons in the world
So the dry paper towels from the hand dispenser
And I like went down in there
And I was like, I just kind of like shoved
And kind of like, I was just like, just something needs to touch this
No water is touching it, so mankind needs to step in
And I just like kind of, and then I created like
Sort of like a, like a, like I don't know what it, a musket
Like what the, you know, like a, like a, like a, like a, you know, like a package
Kind of just like, a tingler, yeah
And then I pressed the flush button again
And there's always that pause and you're like, does it, does the button do anything?
And I go, you know, and it was like, it still didn't do anything
It just sucked the paper towels through and there was just more
It just, it just, it still looked like something had happened
And I, so I did it again and I did it more
And I, I just kept flushing and I, I gradually, and I also like
I was washing my hands and I took this hot soapy water
And I was like, okay, and I took a, I was like, and I, and I, I
Took it over from the sink and dropped it into the toilet
Like this, this just needs like a dose of what a normal toilet has
This happens every day, nothing changed about my ass
Like, like, like this toilet needs to be like a normal toilet
It just needs water in it
And, and, and, and so like, like, like nine flushes
And I brush my hand and I have to do the thing and I, and I
At a certain point, there's always that point in the bathroom
If you're in there too long, the light comes out and says
Please return to your seat
And you always take it personally
Like you're like, they know
They're talking to me, like, like, they're like, you, you
Return to your seat
And I, and I came out and then the flight attendant like
Met me face to face as I came out
And she looked at me helpfully
And said, and I, I wrote it down
When I got back to my seat, including the apostrophe
She said, you doing okay?
And I, and I must have looked like, like, like James Woods
Like a, like a, I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah
Like, I was like, I was like a weird smuggler character
Yeah, yeah, I mean, I, I think she was asking
Why did you have to flush nine times?
And I wanted to say, because your toilet isn't made for poop
Because I care
Because I'm a better toilet than your toilet
It's not because there's anything wrong with me
It's because I know how society works
And your plane doesn't
So land it
And, and let me, let me go do a show
And, and yeah, that's, that's what I
See, I flew back from LA
And I didn't even take a shit on the plane
I went into the bedroom, oh, bathroom
And the restroom, whatever they call it on a plane
And, and there was shit
Filled in the toilet
And I said, I got to get out of here
Because they're all going to blame me
There's that too
And sure enough, when I walk out like the prettiest girl
On the plane walks in there
And I felt like, you know, should I go over to her
And say, no, that wasn't me who took a shit
That was someone else
I, I looked at the shit
Yeah, yeah, I, I saw it
I'm on the same page as you
But I want to know, I was against it
Yeah
Yeah, it's, it's funny how we all have these butts
With poop coming out of them all the time
Like, like up to three times a day
And then around that we've built this society
In which there's so much room for so much nuance
But, but there's like an umbilical point
Which is their fucking shitty assholes
You can really be reduced
Now, how do you feel about those toilets?
Like, I remember when I was a kid
You could drop a concrete block in a toilet
And it would flush it
And now it does, it's silent
There are these toilets like poop
Kind of simmers and
And yeah, you don't even see the water moving
You don't hear anything
Yeah, because it's good for the environment
Oh yes
Because, because, because that's where
What's killing the planet
Was us flushing
It wasn't, it wasn't anything to do with
The behavior of giant manufacturers
And transglomerates
Like, like, like, like, it, yeah
It's definitely, isn't that amazing
How every time the fuck, there's a giant
Like impending disaster
Like, it always just trickles down to us
And people go like, floss twice
Floss twice
Floss twice and never use the same string
Or wait, use the same string three times
And then, and then wear that as a hat
If everyone does that
It'll affect the stringy thing
And we're like, okay, I'm a human being
So I certainly don't want to kill the planet
And then it's like, it had nothing to do with that
It doesn't have anything to do with your fucking garbage
Like, like, like
I remember the news was reporting when
When Ronald Reagan, when he was president
And he got shot
And a newscaster actually said
If the president is shot at
How safe are we?
Yeah, that's a good, it's a good, good, good, good
Opportunity, that, yeah
More guns out there
Oh, Reagan
Alright, so Gilbert, we're friends now
Oh, yes, we're inseparable
So, you and me
We're gonna be partners, you and me
You and me, when all our friendships file
We'll travel
See, I knew all of you came here
To see a Martin and Louis invitation
It's New York, baby
I just, I don't know how to do this
Because if I were, like, my big thing is like
If somebody solicits something
Then it's hard for me to do
I just, I just, I just
Your Seinfeld impression is kind of legendary
Like, like, like you
Yeah, I used to, I started imitating Seinfeld
Before anyone knew who he was
When he was just another comic in the clubs
And I was just, I would go on stage and imitate Seinfeld
And the other comics and the waitresses
Would be laughing and applauding and they'd come in
And the one person who wouldn't come in the room
When I was doing that was Seinfeld
Who then was named Jerry
Yeah, he was just playing Jerry
And he would, he'd be walking angrily
Back and forth in the bar going
That doesn't sound anything like me
I don't have a high-pitched, annoying voice
You see, sometimes I wonder if
Seinfeld has any opinions about
Uh, patio furniture
Why do people want patio furniture?
Is it because they need furniture
For their patio?
You could basically say anything
It's like, why do people put cream in their coffee?
Is it because they want coffee with cream?
Dan, Dan, don't you have a Jerry McSeinfeld?
I think, yeah, we have a podcast character, Jerry McSeinfeld
I'm usually pretty drunk when I...
And I'm drunk now
I can't, I'm assuming that Jerry McSeinfeld
Sounds like, oh, why?
Have you ever noticed that
Clovers have...
Why do they have to have four leaves?
Why can't they have three?
But, I mean, that's, I don't think that
We should take that up right now
I'm known, I'm known for my Irish...
My Irish Vincent Price
That tingler is loose in the theatre
Oh, be careful now
Oh, the tingler's coming for ya
Oh, the lights are out
You're gonna have to scream and tell your friends about this movie
Scream, scream for your lives
I'm glad that happens
I wanna, can I complain about subways for a second?
Your subways are amazing, they're so good
Everybody, you have great subways
But there's this sense of impending doom you feel on the subway
Because underground you don't have your phone, obviously
I mean, you have it, but it doesn't work
But like, and then you could go above ground
So you always actually have your phone service
But you feel trapped, it's probably the iron bars
I'm not gonna lie
But what really traps you is the fact that to go outside
And then come back in just to check a text message costs two dollars
And that two dollars is slavery
It traps everyone underground
And makes them all stressed out
Because they don't wanna pay two dollars
That's not going anywhere, I don't know
They can't just put cell phones, like, repeaters down there?
Well, I don't know, they don't do that, right? Yeah
You're trapped underground
But you're never trapped, you can always just walk up a stairwell
You just have to pay another two dollars to get back under
One of the trains I'm being told, I'm just being informed
One of the trains has cell service
You know, when I was a kid, I think everything's changed now
Because I know, like, you know, there's that concept of the graffiti-laden subway trains
They're really nice
Yeah, they're kind of nice now
And I remember riding on them in the early aughts
But...
That's the year 2000
Growing up, when you're watching movies, it's just like the subways are like these things
They rumble and they're like movie sets, you know?
These gang members come out and they're like
Attention, people!
And everyone reads their newspaper with their umbrellas
And goes like, oh, I won't pay attention
And that's the tyranny of the city
And they're like, I am warlord...
Leon Saxon
And you are my subsidiaries
And then the whole point of the story is that some guy stands up and goes
I've had it with you!
And I don't know how much of that is based on truth
I've ridden the subway a couple of times and none of that happened
But I assume that doesn't happen every time
But I mean, I've seen enough of The Last Dragon to know...
To know that Converse are kissed and...
Alright, anyways
I feel like we should meet people from New York
I don't know if this is indicative of our runtime
But Erin texted me, Erin's sick, she's back in LA
She texted me a minute ago and said, how did it go?
That's 10.33pm
And I'm like, well, it went...
Erin, that's her name
It's going
Yeah, we should get someone from the balcony, though, if that's okay
At least one person
No one on the bottom floor is applauding that idea
What are we really basing on?
I don't know, we've had a couple balcony shows
Gilbert, is there any kind of person you've ever wanted to talk to?
No, so let's skip this whole segment of the show
If someone in the balcony would like to leap
I mean, what's that?
You're in pain
There's that, she's in pain
We've got that as a fallback
She is in pain
I asked that sometimes, I go, who's in pain?
Because it's like the opposite of comedy in my shtick as Irene
And we meet interesting people
But rarely are they actually in pain, I've noticed
Well, sometimes the pain that throbs the hardest with them
is the lack of being on stage
I just...
Like a lot of times, they're like...
Ow!
My spotlight bone is killing me
One of these days, I just want someone who's actually
just has a back problem or something
He's loving life, he's having a great time
She's saying she's really in pain
I think God's telling us that we should indulge this young lady
down in front of her
I say we roll the dice
Because the alternative is that we kind of like, I don't know
It seems out I'm in pain and we ignore her and it's a joke
I don't like what that says about the society
You've got a back problem
What's your name, young lady?
Lana, let's thank Lana for coming up
Let's see
Sit down and let's get to know your pain a little bit
Yeah, it's tough
Have a seat
You're trying to endear them with an apparent stage fright
after going, I'm in pain!
I want to be up there
I am an actual fan
But you're also not like, holy fuck, there's a bunch of people
No, I am, it's wonderful
Also, hello
Hello
What's...
Did you meet Gilbert Gottfried?
Holy motherfucking shit, it's Gilbert Gottfried
Yeah, also...
I'm here too, hey, hey, hey
Hi, hey, hi, hey
Hi, I'm sorry
Holy motherfucking shit
It's not that hard, is it? I mean, come on, he did it
What's going on with your back?
My back has this weird thing
It's... because I'm an Ashkenazi Jew
So...
So I'm inbred as balls
Fill me in on the Ashkenazi thing, Gilbert Gottfried
Yeah, see, those are two things
That's another applause getter
Ashkenazi Jews!
How many Ashkenazi Jews
In the audience have watched the documentary on the Chinese
While living in Brooklyn
I'm from Wisconsin, we have Ashkosh
What's that?
What's that? What is an Ashkenazi Jew?
What does that mean?
It means...
These are Jews who watch Ozzy and Harriet
It means you're like Woody Allen Jew
But like way cooler
These aren't clear answers
Eastern European Jews
White Jews
Wait, are Jews non-white?
So Eastern European as opposed to...
Middle Eastern
Oh, okay, got it, got it
Caucasian Jews
Okay, I get it, I get it
So your back is... you have a bad back?
Yep, yep, yep, yep
But it's cool because every time that I don't have like an allergy
Or like a stomach problem, I'm just like, hey
Are Ashkenazi Jews known for not having allergies or stomach problems?
I don't know, this is my first time
Alright, New York's a big city
I say we keep looking for people
Let's thank Lana, everybody
Thank you, thank you
There's nothing wrong with her, nothing wrong with her
I mean, there's something wrong with her, she has back problems
I mean, there's nothing wrong with her as a human being
I was right, physical pain isn't the way to go here
You asked for it
She did nothing wrong, she's a good person
No, it's my fault
I say we keep going, though
Let's plumb the depths
I say we get someone with a dread disease
Someone who's got three days to live
Yeah, to company
What are you guys calling out?
I want to talk about fathers
You want to talk about fathers?
Yours is dead, okay
Let's put a pin in that, I got a dead father over here
You know what, let's go
Why am I, let's go out there
Is this wireless?
Because I can't hear you guys that well
Oh, I just realized how loud I am when I'm up there
I keep shouting into the mic
Who was raising their hand over here?
Wait, over, over
What did you have?
He's black, he's half black
Wait, wait, this guy's got a rebuttal
I'm kind of black
He's kind of black
Is that more or less than half black?
He doesn't remember
That's, that's severe
Like, that's serious
Like, as hard as it is to be fully black or half black
I'm going to take a wild guess
That there's no 100% black person
In this audience
Let's beat, let's beat Gilbert's challenge
You're, I'm sorry, black
100% black
And gay
Come on, come on, come on
Come on
New York
We got New York
100% black and gay
In your face
Uh, are you, are you with any pain?
Aside from the obvious
No physical pain, just deep spiritual pain
Deep spiritual pain
Now you're 100% black
You're not a security guard here, are you?
All you enough know is weird
I tried and it turned me down
He's a, he's a fan of mine, Gilbert
Eat it, eat it
I have 100% black gay fans
Right here
But what do we, 100% black
How do we even know?
I mean, would you in like basic
Rounding up probably, but as far as I know
Well rounding up is how though, I mean that's a terrible
I'm sure it's a drop, I'm sure I've got drops of something somewhere
But as far as I know it's 100% black
I'm sure Thomas Jefferson somewhere in there was like
He was like, you're a great, great, great, great, great, great
Great grandma that's real good
Yeah, I think we all are kind of like
A little less pure than anyone would
I don't think anyone of us want to be, right?
White people want to be a quarter Cherokee
Anyways, but 100% black as far as you can tell
You've traced it back
Where does the gayness come in?
I think we all know where the gayness comes in
Gilbert!
I would rather not picture it in my head right now
No, come on, it's 2014
We all want to picture it in our heads
I'm kind of curious about like
Are you New York raised in the reared?
No
Are you a New York native?
I'm not a New York native, I'm a DC native
DC?
Isn't that the murder capital of the world?
No, no, no, AIDS infestation
Infestation?
AIDS capital?
AIDS capital world, yes
Murder capital world is like Jersey I think
Or Baltimore
Camden
Then not Jersey then, but somewhere else, not DC
Is it true that when gay guys have anal sex
They scream out, the tingler is losing it?
The tingler, the tingler is losing it
I'm wondering how you know all this
Okay, let's ask some standard gay questions
If you'll indulge them
Go
And you're not an ambassador of gayness
So I want to get subjective
This is a question I'm always curious about
Is there a moment in your life when you knew
Did you think like, uh oh, there's a division
Like I think differently, I feel differently
And I think it's more than just like me being
An individual, I think I'm on the other side
Of a line that's being drawn somehow
Was there a crucial moment in your life?
No, I never had that like, uh
Oh wow, gay moment, I just sort of had like
Oh, you like dudes, you like chicks
I like dudes too, but you don't kind of thing
It's really easy back while I was going up
Is it just really easy in DC?
It's easy
Actually no, it's not, I don't know how I got that
Maybe it's easy for you, maybe
Maybe it's a new generation
For me I had it easy, but I never had like a
Against each other moment, or like a
Here is the division line, so Jordan always knew
I think that might be a Gen X thing
Like every gay character in every movie
Has to have a monologue where they're like
And then Toby got out of the swimming pool
And he said, do you want to have a sleepover?
And I was like, yeah
And he's like, cause we both like girls, right?
And I said, yeah
And I was lying
Uh, but maybe
Maybe you're part of a new
Generation of Star Children that was like
Saw those movies and you're like
I'm one of the, I'm gay
I'm not going to make the mistake that guy made
Oh no, I mean
I didn't have a Vincent Price moment so I wanted it
Yeah
Spiders delight
Your birthday cake covered in demons
My name is Harry
All the vampires
Call me Harry
What's the
Okay, now let's talk about something really
Really sensitive
But probably not in New York
Because New York is the most
Progressive, incredible city on the planet
But everywhere else
Like, inquiring minds want to know
Where does the black and the gay
Intersect? Like what is the
Conflict on that guys' trip?
Because
White, straight, fat Jim
Belushi's like me
We worship gay people
And black people
And if you want to know the gods on his truth
And I can confess this to you and no one else
At a certain point where like
Black people are yesterday's news
They can take care of themselves now
Gay people are the new black
But in any case
I'm sorry to break that to you
But
But also
There's like this unspoken thing
It's like to the extent
That you can circumscribe black culture
Like
Black culture shouldn't have
There's a homophobia that's allowed
Right? Like, right?
I mean
Yes?
Yes, is the answer to your question
It's not as called out because what are we supposed to do
We're going to kick down every door and go like
Everybody except gay people
And then we're like
Black people
We'll put a pin in it
We're already trying to
We'll come back to you
We want to be hypocrites
Come into your living room
And go like, you black people are not tolerant enough
It's too meta for us
Okay, you could be homophobic
For a little while longer
We'll figure that out when the time comes
We'll get a pass and do it later
It's like suburban white kids
In the 90s listening to gangster rap
It's like there's heavy overtones
Of, you know, if you were gay listening to that stuff
And you were black
I would think that you would be
You would be like, shit
It's
Oh, fuck
It's a little bit like that, it's like
Well fuck, what am I listening to now
But at the same time
Garth Brooks is really good sometimes
I hear
Yeah
He's not going to help you
No, it's weird
Because you have these two minorities
And they both have their own sort of
Psychologies about them
You're black, you're gay, you're this
It's not really intersecting
A lot for people's
But I mean, you sort of work it out
You figure it out
Everybody works everything out
Why is every cultural movement
In our country
Why do I get the feeling that the unspoken
Foundation of it is the idea that
White people are going to end everything
Including racism
If racism is a problem
It can be solved, white people will take care of it
I think your missing point is more
White people are going to end in 40 years
I think that's what we're working against
I think white people are like
What do we do about racism
Let's have a meeting about racism
I think
We'll just make more of us
And I'll populate you
I'll populate you
So
When you have
A friend
And they're black
Do you mean friend or do you mean friend?
Not like in a gay way
Is that what you mean?
Like
I feel like my six black friends
Six?
Well one of them is probably going
Like
Me?
One of them
Jerry Miner is listening right now
What do you dare?
Is it a little brown back there?
That's like wait
As a black man
When you see black people coming at you
Do you get scared?
Oh man, I mean, dare across the street so fast
No
Actually, you know what? I'll answer that question
That's a good question
I do
People get scared of people
If somebody is white
I'll go across the street
And somebody like
Can't leave
It's just like when you see people who aren't you
You don't know them, I don't know who you are
Well I cross the street when I see strangers coming
Yeah, exactly
But like if it's a black stranger I gotta stay on this slide
Like any other stranger I gotta cross the street
Black stranger, damn it, can't do it
It's that whole thing
I have to
You gotta stay on the same slide
I give him a fist bump as you walk by us
I'm always wondering
With race in the 21st century
Is now that we've accomplished
The fact that we go like, you know what
This is an artificial construct
It absolutely is, physically
Because two random
White people
Would be physically as different
From each other as
Like a black person from a white person
In a technical kind of like sense
It is an artificial construct that's being perpetuated
Like the idea that there is such a thing
As race, and I get that
But at the same time, like we are
Like we have all this momentum, so it's like
When a black person walks in the room
Like I don't
Like my 41 year old white brain
Never goes, never, never
It never is unaware of race
Like I go, a black guy can just walk to the room
Now I can
Well if that's true, then why don't you bring me
All the states where I came in first
Well I didn't, listen
You can come by anytime
When you're happy
Or excited, do you ever yell
Die no more
For those of you
For those of you listening and not seeing
Our guest bears a resemblance
It's possible if you're just listening
I could have sounded incredibly racist
But the truth is there is a resemblance
But that doesn't mean I'm not
Incredibly racist
No, no, no, that's still an option
It can be both
What I always want to know
And I only want to know just recreationally
Now because I'm 41 and I'm just like
I'm dying, I'm just like
I can't change my brain
But I'm always curious
I think 85% of everybody
Is always full of shit
And 85% of people
In a certain age
Were like, oh
Race matters a lot
And so we should be really mean to people
That look like this
Instead of like that
And then we entered a new era
Where we're like, okay because of the work of heroes
And brave people that risked shit
And cool things
Then we entered an era where we're like
Okay, race is not supposed to matter
But we also just entered an era
Where 85% of people, i.e. idiots
Just started going, I'm going to start enforcing that
Like a fucking idiot
You're still talking to a bunch of dumb people
Who are like now lynching racists
Instead of
They're just writing letters to TV Guide
And going, I couldn't help but notice
I'm being a responsible thing
You're still an idiot
Like you're, we just went from
A different, from one form of coward
To another form of coward
And I always wonder
When you cancel all that out
And just go, everything cowardly is cowardly
And everything brave is everything brave
In the grand scheme of things
Like what is the actual definition
Of
Not racist
Is it actual
Because the modern definition is
What's that?
The pornography industry
Has like achieved it, right?
Is that what you mean?
Because it's like, we don't
They have every license to be grody
But it's just sort of like
This is absolutely true
Because you know, I love porn
Titles where they
Twist around
The real movie titles
Like Ram Bone
Like that
I saw one
A porn film
That was a black guy and a white girl
And it was called
Amos and Candy
That's 100% true
That's 100% true that you want
That?
It was the greatest time
Check it out
It would make me feel a little bad watching it
Just
Out of alliteration
I just always wonder like
Is consciousness of racism
Or is like
Because now that that's become
The new definition of racism
Now it's like
You could go into a room full of people
And the first person that acknowledges
Race
That's a weakness, that's a human weakness
And it's the actual
It's the
Less brave
It's the easier thing to do
It's the more socially acceptable thing
To point out
Racism is whoever smelt it dealt it
Whoever smelt it dealt it
That's the new rule of racism
It's like
It is true that someone
That would be cognizant of race
And might reflect that
That might be a symptom of latent racism
But at the same time
If we're rooting that out
What's left?
Aren't we actually creating some weird garden
Where we
You're always obsessed with race
I have so many friends who come to me
Hey man, no we're friends
But ask like you're black, right?
Yeah, like
Just ask a question
You have a question, just ask it
I think people are also
Pre-obsessed with race
As the first thing
I'm always stressed out
Like oh there's a black guy
Okay whatever
But if your friend was a redhead
Or a blonde or a brunette
A friend is a redhead
That's pretty hot
There's the same
Emphasis on
Consciousness of it
I think that's the goal
My friend is tall
My friend has freckles
My friend is blonde
There's redhead stereotypes
And there's all this stuff
And these are phenotypical characteristics
That you can be conscious of
And you can be entertained by
You can be amused by
But the big difference is
Race, which is an artificial construct
Has this wall where it's representative
It's like if you took redheads
And you said some weird shit about them
And then there was like this crazy wall
And everyone was like walking on eggshells
And there was all this weird energy
I've never had friends who were scared to
Just sort of say
For lack of a better term
Just racist shit, like they make jokes about race
They make jokes about like you know black guy
Joke, white guy joke, whatever kind of joke
And just sort of do it
You're one of the people now
In comedy you address race
Like oh, it's a factor of our life
It's going to be a joke, but I mean
You don't have to dance around it
You don't have to be on eggshells
There are people who know like
Okay, whatever, and there's race
Oh, there's race, kind of thing
So like for me
It's always been like people I know are just like
Oh, yeah, we're black, we're going to keep on moving
Is there another question?
Yeah, I can't figure it out
I'm just so glad you came up here
And made me feel like a better person
Which is the new racism
You're welcome
What was your name again?
I forgot
What's that?
That's a weird name
You're like a Game of Thrones character
I could be, I very well could be
Will you stay up here and play Dungeons & Dragons with us?
I'm going to sign, yes, I've never played
Well, yeah, it's okay
Either has Gilbert Gottfried and he's going to be like
Crucial to the
I think it's very important
For me to mention
He's wearing a Batman t-shirt
And on my podcast
Gilbert Gottfried's amazing
Colossal Podcast
We interviewed Adam West
Yeah, yeah
See, it was just, it came in
In conversation
People should listen to Gilbert Gottfried's podcast
There's no question about that
You can hear it on
GilbertGottfried.com
And subscribe to it on iTunes
Or SciShowNetwork.tv
Now, it's
SciShowNetwork.tv
Can you go right to the mic
And go, hey, hey, hey
I think what you're asking for is
Hey, hey, hey
What you're asking for
Well, that's re-run, isn't it?
Yes, you go
Watch you talking about it
Now, okay, this is racism
Because the only thing
He looks a little bit
He looks like Jimmy Walker
So the dynamite thing was not racist
Hey, hey, hey, and what you're talking about
Is racist
Because you're saying
Do things that other black people do
How do they live in color?
Chenene
Oh, alright. Thanks, front row guy
No, no, no
What was re-run's catchphrase?
He didn't just say what's happening
What was the title of the show?
He used to dance, re-run
Somebody said hey, hey, hey
It wasn't Chenene
No, no, yes
Fat Albert said hey, hey, hey
The guy who was spring
Someone else said hey, hey, hey
His name
His name was Dwayne
I think Dwayne used to go
Hey, hey, hey
Yeah, no
And Fat Albert was
Hey, hey, hey
See, it was a subtle difference
Yeah
I think we've learned a lot
About African Americans today
And I want you all to remember
That Dwayne said hi, hi, hi
And Fat Albert was
Hey, hey, hey
We're gonna find
We're gonna find a female
Or at least a somewhat feminine friend
I'm sorry, balcony
We have someone who called out I'm also gay
And offered we could have an all gay stage
Those words don't make sense
Now we have people yelling out bye, bye
What, what?
Oh, blind?
Oh, fuck this, yeah
Holy shit
This is insane, I actually
I completely forgot this
I was going to
I was thinking about this, what's your name sir?
Rory
Are you totally blind?
Can't see anything
I'm sorry, I'm defining it for you
I think some people are going like
I don't know
How do we get you up there?
I don't, okay
Okay, Rory
Rory's sister's gonna bring him up
I'm sorry gay lady
But if you're upset
Then you're a terrible person
Okay
I'm assuming
Rory's sister has been through worse than this
Like she's, this is some precarious
Shit even for the sighted
Are we cool?
Can I take over from here?
Okay
This is like unreal that this is happening right now
Wait, wait, wait, sorry, sorry
Hold on, stay still for a second
I want to move some stuff for you
Okay
I want to sit you in the chair that I was sitting in
I'm really flustered
Because I
Because I feel very nervous that
I'm gonna put this mic in this stand
And I'm gonna sit you in this chair
Okay, so the chair is
Right here
I'm sorry if I'm being politically incorrect by like
I always say fuck political
Correctness
And
I always
I thought you were gonna say
I always say fuck political correctness
I can't fucking see
Who is this fucking guy?
Aaron Hillis everybody
Aaron Hillis
He loves ice
Are you a drinker?
Yeah, oh yeah
Okay, let's help
Oh my yes
Can we get a cup from back there
And if I have a story
I can share that I thought was actually very relevant
To the conversation
Not
You know not to say that like the black
Culture is necessarily like homophobic
But like the idea of certain black
People who want equal rights but are still
Homophobic I just had
I had an experience that
That was very like
Exemplified that
Because I have I sort of have this problem
Where whenever I'm drunk in public
I forget that it's not okay
To make racist jokes
So
So like it was
I know you can't see but I want you to know
You're killing right now
And also here is a drink
I
I feel terrible about this
But you realize there's not a
Podcast going on right now
Just a really good surround
Sound laugh track
Now can I ask you a question
Yeah, yeah
If God came down and said
We can give you perfect sight
But you'd have to be black
Black
That's
That's a toughie
That's control
Wow I just it just hit me
That Gilbert Godfrey just said
Something to me
Holy fuck this is not
Okay
So the story so yeah like I said
I get drunk and forget
That I can't just shout like racist jokes
So anyway there's this like
I was just standing outside
And like there's just a bunch of people standing around
In my college and like one kid said
Something about like being white
Like he was just like oh he said something about how white
He was so naturally I was just like oh white power
And
And like
And then like some
And then there was like
There was some black kid standing around
And he kind of like felt like he was like pissed at me
So I was just like oh shit
So I just went up to him and was like hey man
Like I don't really mean it I'm just drunk
I'm just joking around obviously like I don't mean it
And he was like alright whatever we like you know exchange
You know tell each other names and stuff
And then like a minute later he was
I think he was in a frat and I think maybe he was talking to
One of his pledgers or something
But he called some kid a faggot
And I was like dude
You can't get mad when I make a racist joke
And then call someone a faggot
And he was just like oh really
And he got all defensive and I was like yes
You know like blacks are like you know
They get shit and then like so do gay people
And like he got all defensive and he was like
Oh really you know got all like oh really
Gays have gone through the same shit that blacks have
And I don't know
I mean you know they're not shooting
Gay people to death in Ferguson
There's a I mean
Well that is true but they still
Can't even beat them
Yeah yeah no so I'm like
Either make jokes about everyone
Or jokes about no one
You can't like say like
You know
Like I'm not gonna say
Oh you can make jokes about black people
But as soon as you make a blind joke
Fuck you
And I don't think
I think individuals are geniuses
And populations are idiots
I mean I think
There's some individuals
Many individuals are idiots too
But I do think
If you cornered an individual
Person from the quote unquote
Black community
And deposed them about that
They would go
Oh you're absolutely right but I also think
That you get swept up in the idea that
And I don't say this for applause
Because I'm a white person
Please don't applaud after I say this
But this is the thing that I always remind myself of
Now
I just asked you specifically
Not to do something
Oh you applied it before I said it
Okay
It really
Is profound when you realize like
Okay
There's a huge amount
Of analogies you can draw
For marginalized populations
Of any kind
Whether you're talking about nerds
The physically challenged
Of
Sexuality
But
Race has this really distinct
Thing which is you cannot
You just
Don't have an option
You wake up and you
And I think that there's
Even if that's not accurate
I think that there's a feeling underneath there
It's like I woke up black this morning
You know
And it's not like I
Shows to be gay
No no no god damn it
That's not what I mean
That's not what I mean at all
I just mean that gay people
Can look like straight people in line at the bank
You mean that there's this overpowering
Presence of race all the time
I mean that racism is really
Really really easy
To accomplish
You can accomplish it through closed windows of cars
You can accomplish it across countries
You can accomplish it through binoculars
Like it's
Really unfairly easy
To knock out
We've had so much time
To be racist or alarming racist
It's like we've had race
In those countries where you had this country
And we've always focused about it
And all these other social issues that come up
People don't give them much time
They haven't had 150 years to say
Oh yeah maybe I'm wrong about that
But please please everybody
That's gay that's listening to me
Saying that anything is harder than anything else
I understand also
I'm going to say that being black is harder than being gay
I'm sorry
I will argue with you
Because also it's like
For the very same I think
It's apples and oranges
Where black people and gay people
But apples are way better than oranges
It's come to that point in the conversation
Where it's just a bunch of straight white people
Explaining things to black gay people
It's like whatever
It won't do any good from here
There's apples and oranges, do I get cherries?
And I don't want to pronounce anything
I just want to say out loud
As a big fat straight white guy
Like what fascinates me
And what I think about when I'm laying in bed at night
Staring at the ceiling going what do blind people think
What do gay people think
By the way god damn it
I'm a huge fan of blindness
Oh yeah it's good
I can give you the advice
It's like it's a lot cooler
You know from the outside
You know
You know it's
Really it's not
It's not fun to be deprived
Of 90% of your primate
I mean yeah it's
Have you heard me on the podcast
Talk about your
You know I'm actually like I think I'm like
My sister was telling me
Like she was saying like oh an episode
Like 109 or something
You were talking about blind people
But I have not gotten there yet
I said you're full of shit
I said you're the reason Ralph Nader got somebody
Votes
I'm damn proud of it
Now has any
Blind person
In real life
Ever said to another person
I want to see what you look
Like and then start touching
Their face
I don't know all
Blind people so I can't
That's very
Gilbert Godfrey
I want to know what you look like
Can I touch your face
Touch his face
Gilbert get your face over to this guy
He's coming
That's a real
That's a real nice face he got
Anyway
The answer to that question is yes
Yes it just happened
That may have been the first time
Do you know what his face looks like now?
Yeah
I mean I think I already
I think I already knew
Now was the movie
Sent of a woman totally full of shit
I
I'm not familiar with that
Are you saying you didn't see it?
I did not
Well played
No I did not
Old school blind jokes
No you would not be surprised
Like how many of my friends just like
Something will happen that I didn't expect
Did you not see it coming
Alright that was
Moderately clever the first
Seven times
No it's like I don't
So I just want to get some background
Because I mean being blind could
What's the back story born
No I was born blind in my right eye
And I always had
Problems with my left eye
Like I could never like really read
Like I could never really read
Like I could kind of read a large print
But not really like that well
So I always red brailed but like I could
See well enough to like get around and stuff like that
But um
It's I mean there's like a lot of detail to go into
And I honestly at this point I can't tell
Because I've like told this story so many times
That I can't tell if it's boring or I'm just
Bored of telling it but um
It's probably somewhere in between
Alright then I'll give like I'll give
A somewhat compact view
Very few people have made content I was just
This is gonna be boring it's me explaining
Like how why I thought it would be interesting
To have a blind person up but it was just
It seems like such kismet I was just
Thinking about this yesterday
I was thinking about this coming
To New York going we've met we have a
Podcast it's a new society
I bet we have a lot of blind
Listeners I wonder if anybody
Out there like
We've never brought a blind person up
At stage I just want to point out that it's
Like magical but but
For me
You're so blessed you're so blessed
You're like a magical blind person
We're all secretly
Magical we just don't tell it
I feel like you could help me golf
Better
You're like
You're like the hitch
Of not seeing
Yeah
More or less I guess
But I yeah
I mean this is
A dumb digression
I think it's like a pre-internet
Like kind of thing but I remember
Being fascinated to read
That
Deafness compared to blindness
Even though it technically
Quote-unquote impairs
You less
Because obviously as humans
We rely on our eyes more than we rely
On our ears but
That deaf people are
Basically for lack of
A more diplomatic or longer way
Of saying it that they are more
Alienated, isolated
Yeah you can like if a deaf person
Can get around better but I mean like
There's a whole language people
Language thing like you know some deaf people
Can speak you know and
Read lips so they can communicate fine
But like yeah obviously like
Sure if you're blind you can't see anything
But like you can still just ask people
And like you're still like perfectly able
To communicate so it's
I kind of wonder how much the internet changed that
Because the internet changed everybody's lives
In this audience who can see and hear
But there's like before the internet
There was like deaf people
And it's like the internet couldn't have
Polarized those communities more
Because if you're
If you're blind
Before the internet
You had the internet of
Talking to people
And deaf people didn't
They took our way our one advantage over
Deaf people and then once
Once the internet happened
That was like that was the one thing we had
Above them and now
Are deaf people like vampires and werewolves
No
It's like
Blind people, deaf people and like people in wheelchairs
And we're all at war with each other
That's it
See that movie
It's all a big joke to me
I love it
Yeah it's yeah
Well this is great
I'm very proud of myself for this
You know what
You did a good thing
You have definitely improved my life
I hope you'd like to
Play Dungeons & Dragons with us
Fuck yeah just cause I love Dungeons & Dragons
Spencer you better not fuck this up
I mean I hope
Is it should I give you the character sheet
No I mean
That is a really good question
I've just been stewing over here
I didn't know what to say
If I could like
I'm trying to think like
I could play like Quark and I just like know most of his
Attacks anyway
Attacking with his sword
Plus I really want to fuck things so like
I wouldn't
I don't think I would not mention
Like no one else uses
Their character sheet anyway so I don't think I'd be
At too much of this advantage
I guarantee you that
I have looked at mine as much as
You would yours
I guarantee it
Yeah I'm not
Worrying about it I played D&D over the summer
And yeah it was a lot of fun
Yeah
If I were Spencer I'd be shitting my pants right now
Cause I feel like a blind person playing D&D
Is like
I don't know like a
Spanish person taking a salsa class
In what sense
It's like I don't know
It's just in their blood that they're gonna smell bullshit
Alright I got Sharpie
I don't get it
So Gilbert
We play this game called Dungeons & Dragons
And I don't know if you've ever played
But basically it's like
Pretend that what I'm saying is real
And pretend you're acting as a character
In the setting that I'm describing with my mouth
That doesn't make sense
That makes it all clear
I promise it's the clearest way I could do it
I hope that's the guy who tweeted that same joke
And not the guy who read that
So just think of it as a jumping off point
You don't actually have to make any sense
Of any of those pages
Can I just say one random
Unrelated thing
But just something I've always wanted to
No sorry
It would be amazing to find out
What the limits of what you're allowed to say
Would be
Why is Building 7 still standing?
Oh alright
Take it easy
No the melting point of steel
Okay take it easy
Thanks for coming
Why were there no Jews
In the building
Jesus Christ Rory
This is just
A joke that I'm pretty sure
Is it a racist joke?
No I'm sorry
I could probably think of a good one
That's not the way I asked
It's a very not racist joke
It's a really lame joke that I'm sure
Everyone has already heard
But I wanted to tell it to Dan
For a very specific reason
Alright Dan
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
I don't know
Because if they flew over the bay
They'd be called bagels
Bagels
Gilbert Gottfried is like
What the fuck is going on?
Because he doesn't know how to say bagel
I pronounced bagel wrong
Yeah you gotta write both
That's what people keep telling me
Is just a picture of the word bay
Goal
Is that it? Bagel? Bagel
I think you can say it both ways though
If you actually look stuff up
A lot of these words that are contentious
Both of the pronunciations are just right
And everyone just argues about it
Like it matters
I would like a bagel
Okay
I've never had somato
I would like a bagel
Again
I'm not going to correct that
I think it's all good
I'd like a bagel
From Ronald Reagan
Because it's vague
Vag
Alright
I gave
Gilbert Gottfried
Chris de Burgh
I'm sorry
It's just Cine
Just Cine
I don't know why that sounds worse
I gave just Cine
Dignity Sarsgard
After
Thinking about it for a long time
And so
Rory
Just because he's gay you're making him a woman
God damn it
He's blind but he sees everything
That's
That's why I ruminated on it
I was like
God damn it
So Harmon
Do you want to do your acapella thing
We've been without music for a while
And coping with it
We're playing Dungeons & Dragons now Gilbert
Last time on Harmontown
Our heroes
I gotta say this stuff
Had just defeated Father Tinder
Dealing with his corpse
As the gang fled they were accosted by a night watchman
Who seemed to be wise to their tricks
But Dignity Sarsgard
Smoot things over
Just when they thought they were safe
They found themselves surrounded by guards
But Dignity and her mighty steed provided the gang
With a much needed egress as they escaped the town
However
Leaving the safety of the town
Would prove to be a dangerous move
And no sooner than our heroes had escaped
Admiral Darkstar took after them
With the fury of hell
After screaming in elemental summoning
Admiral Darkstar noticed the shard of power
Floating away from the city
And abandoned our heroes to give chase
Dignity's mount
Pissed on a fire elemental
Pissing off his leg
And with that our heroes escaped the flaming foe
Finding freedom in a foul fen
People love alliteration
They love it, I love it too
Approaching the first door they saw
Our heroes encountered a showering woman
And after terrifying slash objectifying her
Our heroes played it off
Like it was no big thing and asked for her help
But what thing was gonna happen?
How would the gang whatever
And what of the blank
Find out next time on Placeholder
So everybody has questions right?
Questions?
This is that point in the D&D where everyone goes
What's going on?
I usually know what's going on
I'm a bit fuzzy if I'm honest
I'm like 15 episodes behind
So I have absolutely no idea
And we also just released the last episode
That happened today
So I didn't even get a chance to listen to it
Needless to say they left the village
And arrived at a naked woman's house
And we were looking through the window at her
And then we came in through her door
You looked at the window
She saw you doing that
Freaked out and then you entered her house
To keep her quiet
Yeah
Okay so I'm...
Young lady
Is she young?
She can't tell her age
She might be elvish
Lady
Take it easy
We just need a place to hide out
See?
Yeah
It doesn't seem like a very convincing statement
But when you put it out there
She's like I guess that makes sense
I mean it is
One of the only windows in this swamp
So
We're within the confines
Of rose...
No you're outside a rose boat
You ran off into a swamp
Do you have any questions?
I
Stop paying attention
An hour
That's fine too
I guess he has a question
Alright
I am a newbie to this entire scene
Well then we can't help you
What's your question?
Is this a contiguous game?
Yeah but I'd like to think
No one has to know
Or does know
Anything that happens
Yeah
It's a terrible idea
Just pretend some people entered a naked ladies house
You're all set
Yeah
It's the worst idea in the history of entertainment
And now you do
Imagine if every week
Ugly Betty was about something different
But
She was a different kind of ugly
It was always
It was on CBS
Every other week
They kept moving it between
Friday and Wednesday
It's just a bad idea all around
Somehow
We keep loving it
Ugly Betty
Gilbert
Just say anything
Just riff
No I've given up
Just so we can say
That you played D&D with us
I don't know what this whole thing's about
It's acting but instead of a stage
I say in the stage
It's like
An improvised radio play
So where in a
Naked girls apartment
Yeah
In a swamp
Didn't land
Hey great tits
We played D&D with Gilbert Godfrey
That's what's important
Rory is going
I have no idea what your tits look like
Let me feel it
Well Rory plays a character who can see
Oh I'm sorry
I could probably
Feel them for inspection
Yeah
Has Quark fucked her yet?
No
I feel like that's
Less cool when it's actually like a human
If it's like
Some sort of animal
You can just be like oh yeah I'm gonna fuck it
But as soon as it's an actual woman
I feel weird being like oh I'm gonna fuck her
So maybe I won't do that
That makes me feel weird too
Alright ma'am
Yeah yeah
I got tits I know
Please cover yourself
Oh no I did sorry
My platoon mates and I
We're fleeing
A dark force that threatens
To overtake the world
And we just came in here
I think for maybe food
Are you asking me?
You know what it occurs to me
We had no reason to come in here
I think it was just
There was a naked woman so
We're all gonna back out
And we're all gonna move to the next place
Where's the next place?
We're not sure
We're just gonna keep moving
In the same direction we were moving
And we were sorry for the interruption
And
Life
Is the thing that happens
Between your plans to do other things
As John Lennon once said
And we're just gonna leave
And we're gonna head to the next place
And we're very sorry
And you'll notice we didn't objectify you
I mean
I hate to disagree
He just said nice tits
Oh well my friend
I mean he's not wrong
It's
Middle
Medieval fantasy world
A lot of people are very
Unattractive and you look great
But that's not the same as objectifying you
I don't think that
The way you look
Is who you are
I'm making
The assumption right off the bat
That you probably are some kind of scientist
But I don't think it's
Inaccurate for my friend to say nice tits
But in either case I say we're leaving
We're leaving
So long
What was your name?
Charles
Charles did you say?
It's a family name
Charles thank you
Bye
Let's get out of here
We leave and then we go to the next
We just keep going
What does that mean?
We keep going in the same direction
In the same line we were fleeing the city
And then we came across this place
We keep moving
You enter a swampy land
It's become too swampy
To really walk walk easily
We go back to the naked ladies house
Knock on our door this time
This time we're not
We're not coming in
Okay
Hoping this can be
A reboot of
An encounter that started off on the wrong foot
Well now I'm all confused
You just said you were leaving
And you're already back
Well ma'am
We're fleeing as I said
An evil force
We stopped by your place
We left
You live in a swamp
We're not sure what to do
What exactly were we trying to accomplish?
I wouldn't know
That's a weird thing for you to ask a complete stranger
I was talking to Sharpie
Ma'am I want you
The answer to his question too
Ma'am we're running for our lives
And we're cowards
And we're just running from
Things that might hurt us
And so I ask you
If you've ever felt weak in a moment in your life
And if you could connect
That moment in your life to this moment in our life
Which would be empathy
And like
No that would be sympathy
Empathy you wouldn't need a moment in your life
To connect with someone else
Damn
Alright
Now it's a worry
Burn
And you're a naked woman
With great tips and a beard
Beard?
She's a beard?
I don't think she's naked anymore is she?
She's not naked anymore
No no she put on clothes
Alright let's leave
Ma'am
Honestly all we want to do is
Get our bearings and
Figure out where to go from here
You're surrounded by marsh
I know
And we
We just need a place to
Sit at a table and look over some maps
Did you not need this five minutes ago
When you were inside my house?
Ma'am I'm not going to try to convince you
That we're an organized adventuring party
We're not
We never advertised that
We never said hey it's us
We know what we're doing
We are a group of people
Who are running from things
We don't want to engage them
We came across you
We acted impulsively
Mistakenly we fucked up
We tried to correct that
We wandered in the wilderness
You live in a swamp we're back
We're asking now
Ma'am
If we could just sit at your table
And just look at some maps
I don't know if you have atlases
Just figure out where we are
Get our bearings
Truth is ma'am
A lot of times we're very drunk
We don't know
We don't know what we're doing
And we're very embarrassed
And it's not
We don't expect acknowledgement of that
To be a pass
But we're out in your porch
And we can make a day of it out here
Or we could come in and
I could share some holy text with you
Read some holy text with you
I didn't hear that I'm sorry
I could share some holy text with you
I love reading
She's got some holy text
I really enjoy reading
It's really about just
Peeling back layers
Wait what?
It's about peeling back layers
Reading?
I feel like we should figure out some way to get through this swamp
I don't know if the plot's going to advance
Here
Yeah, I mean
I don't want to kill some shit so
Alright, okay ma'am
You know what, sorry to bother you
We're going to head into the swamp
Apparently we can't walk in it
So we have to figure out some way of
Getting somewhere else and not just be trapped in this house
I agree
Okay ma'am
Goodbye
Are you sure you're done?
It's just
Even in jest
If you could give us a direction
Just any direction?
Just pick one
When you leave
Where do you go?
Well, I take the main road
Back towards town
The way we came from?
It's the main road
When you want to get away from there
Can you take the main road
Like away from town?
Yeah, it splits up, you go past the town
You could go left near the town
It's all sorts of directions
But all back toward the town
Well initially
Sure, but then the roads
They go in other directions
That's a ways
We'll head back to our town
Wait, what?
We need to leave to Vincent Price's house
I don't know who that is
Or John Lennon
Alright
Okay, well bye ma'am
Bye
Have a nice life
I was
Sorry for the interruption
Thank you
We head back down the road
Back toward town, I guess
But back towards and then past town
To areas unknown
Hopefully, yeah
So you head
Towards town and you see
You see barring your path
Hopping along on one fiery foot
A fire elemental
Missing a leg
You recall him from your past travels
In which you made your horse pee on him
Alright
Is this someone like we were fighting before?
So we should kill them
I didn't hear that
So I should piss on the other leg
Gilbert, attack
This would be a good time for you to attack
Okay, I'm attacking now
I'm rushing forward
With a violent attack
So while you're rushing forward
With this violent attack
Are you wielding a dagger or a poison dagger?
Both
I have a regular dagger
In my left hand and the poison dagger
In my right
Now you're getting that
Wielding both of these daggers
You plunge them deep in the beast's fiery hide
Alright
Deal some amount of damage
14 damage
Wow
Gilbert Gottfried is great at dodging the dragons
You feel the heat raiding off of the elemental's
Fiery body but you pull away
Before it can burn you
That's just a, yeah
Okay
Someone else do something
Can I fuck him?
I'm not asking, I'm just saying
I'm gonna sneak up behind him and try to fuck him
And then if that doesn't count as my entire turn
I want to attack him
I want to go into a barbarian rage
Fuck him and then attack him with my flaming sword
Flaming sword attack
I can't wait for Jeff to come back to the pack
So I can tell him this is his effect on blind youth
Flying into a barbarian rage
You sense all feelings and emotions
And not those logic and stuff
The other one
Leaving being replaced with rage
And passion
As you undo your pants
And enter the fiery fiend
You realize
That's what you realize
It's worth it
Well worth it
Your dick takes 12 damage
Feeling
That's probably all for the best
Yeah, that's a good point
Feeling your dick melt off
We only have one dick left in this party
I'm sorry Jeff Davis
Wherever you are
I melted your dick
It's a really trenchant metaphor
For what happened to our country during Vietnam
Reeling back from this incident
You lunge into attack
For hurting your member
And maybe it's just the fact
Your entire dick was melted off
But it goes wide
And your sword falls
Blade first into the soil
Missing it completely
Goddamn it
I'm sorry
Well
Detecting evil
I feel like
We've misjudged this fiery demon
Yeah, okay
Detecting
Detecting evil
You do notice it's not an evil spirit
It seems neutral if anything
He melted my dick off
So I say we kill him
Well sew it an ordinary campfire
This is such a classic conflict
Between a blind guy and a gay black guy
I mean, I'm pretty sure we're on the same team
I don't think we're quarreling
Not yet, uh...
I'll lay mercy on my team member's
Burning member
Oh yeah
Laying hands
On this...
This is a classy move
On this shiny, uh,
Kendall-like crotchal region
You instantly feel
Your pain going away
But you don't instantly feel
Your dick come back
That doesn't happen
You're going to need some serious magic
To pull that off
That's dicks for you
You can't live with them
I feel like you can definitely live with them
It's my turn
Raise the dead
I don't think wizards can raise the dead at 7th level
Also, why raise the dead?
Raise the dead
I think he just wants to end the show
I think my high brother is here
I know, but actually
Yeah, what do I know?
That might have been a great ending
Yeah, uh...
Shit
I'm looking at my spells
Ray of Frost!
Yeah, Ray of Frost, come on
I'm telling you guys
Ray of Frost is a level zero spell
Two damage
I mean, Ray of Frost is like
It's garbage
I mean, if he's vulnerable for fire
It might do up to six damage
Still not very good
Let me look for a second
Would reduced person work on an elemental?
No, they're outsiders
Or elementals, I don't know which
Talk to him?
Hey, listen
Verbal abuse
We mean you no harm
It looks like you have to say
I didn't think you were until I got raped
But who really got raped?
It looks like you have to say me
But his dicks burnt off
Yeah, I'm the real victim here
It looks like you have to say
I'm literally made of fire
Exactly, and that's why we...
I was born this way
And we were born
All of the ways that we were born
And we don't...
I'm telling you, I swear to God
From the bottom of our heart
We were just grassed
We were sorry for it
I'm not
I'm still pissed
I still want to kill him
In the immortal words of
Heednism bot, I apologize for nothing
Well, it lobs a fireball
at you then
You take some amount of damage
Quark
I mean damage
Jesus
What the fuck did I ever do?
What did you do?
You told it you're not sorry
You raped it
No, not sorry
I tried to rape him
Before my dick got melted off
He's hacking a blind kid
That's not cool
I don't know, man
Wait
Okay, this is not my turn
I think it's Gilbert's turn
Gilbert, think really hard
about what you do
He's the only one who's done anything good
I can't even fake this
Because I don't know what the fuck
this game is all about
It's about killing this guy
Fuck it
Just try to talk sense into it
Just be Gilbert Gottfried
and just talk to this fire elemental
and just tell it that we didn't mean it
Okay, we didn't mean it
We did
I'll go along
with anything at this point
I think that's a problem
What?
These are all great suggestions
Gilbert, just
if I could
ask you to try
just in the form of a monologue
just like beseech this thing
to be peaceful with us
No
And then
Spencer can roll his die
because you'll be attempting diplomacy
with this thing
But you as Gilbert Gottfried
you have to try to convince this fire elemental
to be peaceful with us
That's my suggestion
Now, what was this again?
He says you want to kill him
I want to kill him
and I'm diplomatic about it
I'm lost
I'm telling you
I'm saying to you
just say to this thing
It shouldn't want to fight with us
We want to be peaceful with it
and just in the form of a monologue
as only Gilbert Gottfried could accomplish
a master diplomat
just making peace with this thing
It's a fire monster
Oh, he's a fire monster
Okay, got that
He no longer has great tits
He's a fire monster
This thing does not have great tits
It's a fire monster
Oh, please fire monster
Who doesn't have great tits
But may or may not have a beard
I gave up on that a while ago
Please don't kill us, oh fire monster
Thank you
It looks as if to say
I'm really tired of this
And it hops away on one leg
We did it
Gilbert Gottfried
Gilbert Gottfried saved our party
It could be
I think it is, yes
Gilbert Gottfried did it
That's been our podcast
Best Comptroller Gilbert Gottfried
For God's sake
He's staring
Black Gage is staring
Black Rory
And I am a jazz musician
So that's very attached to the truth
Super privilege Dan Harmon, Spencer Crittenden
and Dutch Ambassador
At the city of New York
I thought that would get a big applause
I like this theater
Where are we?
92 Y
Sorry
Good job, 92 Y theater
for having us there
This is the class instructor for every minute
Thank you guys for being patient
and for hanging out with us and watching the show
Now let's all tiptoe away
Let Rory sit here and see what happens
We'll see you out there
I don't know, we'll take a place to go
hanging out afterwards and thank you for coming out
God bless you